small selection,
Come back, don’t choose,
He is not your grandfather, Xiaoxuan,
My sixth brother is already dead, but I still hurt you,
You change it back,
Grandpa, didn’t you say goodbye to me online?
When Shugui encounters trouble, he must go to me, Lao Liu, Xiaoxuan,
It’s not Wu Lao Liu. The real me, Lao Liu, is already dead.
That's right, what repayment did I give you?
Either it’s not a letter, an appointment,
Line, I line you,
I don’t know the line,
I don’t know the line, I don’t know the line, I don’t know the line,
I don’t know the line, I don’t know the line,
I don’t know the line,
I don’t recognize the line, I don’t recognize the line, I don’t recognize the line, I don’t recognize the line
We are not the same people at all
I said we are not the same person
I am a traveler
I am one person and you are ancient
How can we be together?
Sir, what we have to do first
What about my grandfather? Why don’t I believe it?
How could I possibly die from all this?
How could the master die?
What did you say
I don’t believe it, Master Fate
What exactly did you buy together?